[Applause]
see you great see you Jim I have to say
what that kid was so excited he's my dad
years old no to see you it was the kid
on the yeah he's too young to you know
yeah he was deep that shows too dirty
for a 12 years ago It's Always Sunny is
like so rank do you get out with kids Oh
what do you know did but weirdly enough
younger and younger kids are watching
show Yeah right like amazing man
9 10 year old comes up Josh I come out
of the couch you naked best mouth which
I give license to do terrible now it's
funny because like for me when I was a
kid taxi was it still is for those
you've not seen tatty it's on Hulu it's
it's still fantastic yeah it's so great
and I always imagine how excited they
must have been when you walked in the
room oh we loved it we had a ball doing
it yeah
the show was like off-the-charts great
oh one always fun yeah and and Louis was
like you know I just loved that first
show where I'm yelling everybody chewing
their asses out big time
and then I walk out of the cage and I
come up to jitters I go up in this cave
that was amazing and then instantly
that's oh yeah God had those cab drivers
in the palm of my hand you did oh my god
ruled with an iron fist with an iron
there was one episode where you played
the violin or you know D or you know
really know how to play the no no I
learned them well I learned how to play
the violin on movie that a cowboy movie
that I did with Jack Nicholson Oh
going south he learned to play the male
the violin you as a character thing it
wasn't in hardly in the movie but then
Andy got married like to stay in the in
the country we married him off to a
hooker yes vodka yeah
vodka right married him off to a hooker
and and I learned how to play I love you
truly on the on the violin it took me
like forever and it was awful everybody
there and like you know this is in the
very beginning of the show it was like
the early days of the television it was
like 1978 or suddenly not like that and
all of a sudden about three or four
weeks later there was a piece in The
Enquirer that said Danny DeVito gives up
career as virtuoso violinist to be on
television
really I said what so we got it was a
piece in the paper with me standing
there with a violin like it was all
about how I did this and you know it was
tragic in my life I studied all my life
to be a violinist and I wound up on a TV
show you know it all this kind of stuff
Andrea and I got a kick out I cut it out
and put it on a refrigerator it was me
on the refrigerator in the in the in the
house and a couple of days later my
mother called from New Jersey okay I'm
ready I said what mom what's going on
just I didn't know you want to play the
violin I was gonna get on taxi a couple
times right both times yeah yeah who
decided that your mom would leave my mom
well it was Brooks and Jim Brooks Ted
Weinberger hmm those guys they wanted
they met my mom she named a course in
the show and all the she's like my size
is she really tough New Jersey woman you
know tallien girl you know and did a
Jenner seventies when she did they then
decided to write apart for Louise gap or
well they were gonna do Louise mother
and they said would would I and I said I
don't I don't I'm not gonna call her and
ask me you do it they're on the phone
with they're happy they are on the
speakerphone and I'm sitting around the
office and all the producers there and
everything and they go miss DeVito blah
blah and they told
they wanted to play Louie's mom right
and she's and they said we won't we
won't to write a lot of lines for you
and everything just it's like kind of a
sight thing and she said I could do
dialog wanted like in the writer or
whatever you know in the thing to perks
that you get like say she wanted her
stories on a television in her dressing
room she had to see the soap operas
around she wanna lose track it is so
yeah hips behind forget I want that in a
bottle of blackberry break that was our
demand paramount forked over you and
here we are a 2019 you got a show this
put on for 14 seasons we write back
claim she's right pop a rubber band
around star full of bread ballin for an
hour
there's a million ways you can prepare a
clam made up world you clam good sounds
better and that I believe is the reason
for all of this toxic masculinity would
you agree huh yes yeah yeah
so this is the 14th season this is not
really a crazy-big oh yeah you're now
tied with Ozzie and Harriet for the
longest-running yeah I batch incipio Wow
[Applause]
like you know the same is ours except if
you take acid and you know lay in the
bottom of your ceiling pool for an hour
with a tank that's empty you've got a
movie sequel to Jumanji is kinda your
part of that's coming out in Christmas
that's but what is interesting is that
and it's complicated out happens but
basically the rock you inhabit the rocks
body yes yeah like what happens is they
have the machine you know you go into
the thing yeah and then my mom in the
house I'm played the kids grandfather I
got a bad leg and I'm like in the house
I'm and and the Machine happens and they
all go in and and the rocket yeah and
the videogame and the rock becomes me so
he's got to act like me right so you got
the big rock Craig giant rock and he's
doing like stuff like I do you know like
this right so aha
so you know he's really terrific the
whole cast everybody jake has did he
study you or he's we hung out a little
bit you know we've read the lines
together we did this stuff I mean it's
you well you could do it yeah everybody
does it you do me I give you okay just a
second right we have Jimmy Kimball here
as Danny DeVito Yeah right
Oh what I'm trying to do this as yeah do
it we found a video online right and it
yeah this video yeah and this guy made
this mask a guy made a mess yeah right
from a company what's this type of flesh
is the glass fitting and take a sexy
hyperplasia
[Applause]
pretty good this is like holy this is
the television sequel to twins
[Applause]
on FXX we'll be back with Bob Iger I am
Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe to
our YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though